Please wait outside of the house.
We have a lot of rain in June.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Mary plays the piano.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
The book is in front of the table.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Wow, does that work?
A glittering gem is not enough.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She advised him to come back at once.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Two seats were vacant.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
The lake is a long way from here.
She did her best to help him.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
I want more detailed information.
The stranger officiates the meal.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
We need to rent a room for our party.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
This is a Japanese doll.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
The river stole the gods.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learnaping English.
Where do random thoughts come from?
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
I am never at home on Sundays.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
How was the math test?
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
Christmas is coming.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Is it free?
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Hurry!
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.